>> Brian Holt: Mpx parcel, build
src/index.html.
So before using react 43 kilobytes,
not bad right, that's pretty good for
an application.
But let's take a look at how big it
ends up being with a preaction and
preact-compat.
So 51 kilobytes just out of the box,
it looks a lot smaller.
If we go into dist and
run gzip on app 3AA.js and say lss.
Here.
This one right here.
15 kilobytes, right, so
we shaved quite a bit,
almost 30 kilobytes off that just be
switching to preact and preact-compat.
>> Brian Holt: So and, if I switch off of
COMPAT and just directly under preact,
I would shave an additional
five kilobytes off of that.
So we would be down to 10 kilobytes for
our application from 43.
Now, make sure that that's
what you want to do, right?
React has really great tooling.
There's a bunch of really,
really cool parts about React that you
should not give up lightly, right?
But this can be compelling particularly,
if you're trying to serve someone
like in India or China or
rural America, like those kind of places.
Preact can be pretty compelling.
Actually, one of my favorite ones to show.
>> Brian Holt: Well, anyway, there's a
bunch of great stuff that you can look at
about React versus preact performance.
And I would suggest taking a look at that.
So again, preact-compat is
a bridge if you decide to use
preact start with preact-compat, but
you want to start migrating to preact.
So from here like if I was converting
this particular route to be on preact,
I would switch this to be from
preact-compat and do this.
>> Brian Holt: But see,
you have to kind of like migrate.
And this is what it will look like if you
switch to actually using preact directly.
So remember, when you do JSX,
it's react.createelement,
that's what this JSX gets translated to.
When you're doing preact it
gets translated to H instead of
react.createelement.
So you have to import H from preact.
So there's a bunch of things you have
to kind of massage it into doing and
there's no prompt types.
There's a bunch of other stuff that
preact doesn't have on purpose.
So you just kind of have to look at that.
And I gave you a link in the notes
here in preact down here to see all of
the differences.
>> Brian Holt: So
I will leave you to take a look at that.
Any questions about preact?
There is a branch here obviously called
preact, we can see the complete code here